Now that we've made the determination of whether we are on the server or the browser, we can now make
a request in either these if statement cases and return some data from that request.
Remember, the only thing that's really changing between these two cases is the domain that we are trying
to make the request to.
That's it.
So I'm going to handle the case in which we are on the browser first because that's just a little bit
easier to deal with.
So I'm going to put inside of here.
Trump's response is await Axios target.
And remember, if we are on the browser, we'll just make a request to the path that we are trying to
access.
That is API users current user.
And the browser is going to automatically pretend in the domain for us.
So then after that we can return response data.
As a reminder of what we get back from the current user request.
So response to data, what that value actually is, it's going to be an object that has a current user
property that is null if the user has signed out or an object if the user is signed in and that object
will have the ID, email and so on.
We could shorten this up just a little bit by doing a little bit of structuring and only pulling out
the data properly, because that's the only thing we really care about here.
So I'll structure out data and then only return data.
I think it'd be great to do a quick test of this right away.
So to test this out, I'm going to go back up to landing page.
So remember, whatever we return right here is going to show up as a prop in landing page.
And as we just saw, data is going to be an object that has the current user property.
So we should be able to access current user.
And I'll just do a console log of current user.
Okay.
So remember, in order to execute, get initial props on the browser, we have to somehow get our application
to navigate over to this page.
So we're going to go through that same signup process, which as we just discussed.
Does cause get initial props to be executed on the client.
So I'm going to go back over to my application.
I'm going to navigate to sign up.
I'll put in some email address and some password and sign up.
And sure enough, after I navigate over the request, a current user is issued and there's my data.
Okay.
Well, that definitely worked.
So now we're going repeat the same process for the case in which we are on the server, so our code
is going to look identical.
The only thing that's going to change is the domain that we are making the request to.
So I'll put in here.
Concert data is a way to Axios target and I'm going to give myself a new line just because this URL
is going to end up being a little bit long.
So remember the format we use here, it's going to be something like service name, dot namespace,
dot, CVC Cluster Local.
So we need to go and look up the service name and the namespace that we want to make our request to.
To get a quick reminder, I'll go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to first print out all my different namespaces so it'll get namespace.
So it's ingress in Gen X and I'll list out all the services inside that namespace.
So CTL gets services N, Ingress Engine X, and that's the name of my service.
So we're going to make our request to HTTP, colon, slash, ingress, dash and gen x, then a dot ingress
dash and gen x, then dot svc cluster local.
This will make our request over to Ingress Engine X, but we don't really care about just making a request
to ingress engine x.
We specifically want to make one over to our service.
So we're still going to specify the route at the very end of API users current user.
So the first part right here, the domain is really just about reaching out to ingress engine x, the
root is about telling ingress engine x where we want our request to be forwarded on to.
Okay.
So now that we've got the full domain on there, I got to tell you about one other very small technicality.
I'm going to go back over to my ingress service file.
So here's our routing configuration.
You might recall that inside of here, we specify these routing rules under a host of ticketing dev.
So whenever a request comes into ingress, engine X, ingress engine x needs to know about the host
that we are trying to reach.
Are we trying to reach out to ticketing Dev?
We might also have some other set of rules for a totally different domain.
Now previously.
Back inside the browser when we were making a request by navigating between different pages or what
have you.
The request was issued included the domain that we were making the request from of ticketing dev.
So when the request is coming from the browser engine can easily inspect the request and understand.
Oh, they're trying to access ticketing dev.
No problem.
All I will use this set of rules right here.
Unfortunately, when we are making the request in this style, there's nothing inside of here to indicate
what domain we are trying to access.
On ingress, engine x, ingress and Gen X is not going to assume that we're using the only domain that's
listed right here.
It's going to say, I don't know what domain you're trying to access.
As a matter of fact, let's do a quick test with this right now just to verify that it doesn't work
because we are not specifying the domain.
I'm going to complete this code.
I would still want to make sure that I returned data.
I'm going to save this.
And then again, remember, we want to make sure that we execute this stuff with get initial props being
executed on the server, which means that we need to do a hard refresh to the page.
So I'll go back over.
I'm going to do a hard refresh and I do in fact see a status code of 404.
So that four of four means that this request right here resulted in a 404.
The request went out to ingress engine X successfully, but Ingress Engine X said, hey, sorry, but
I don't know what domain you're trying to access, so I don't know what set of rules to use.
So how do we fix this?
Well, pretty simple as a second argument to Axios dot yet I'm going to put in an option subject, so
I'll zoom out for just a second so you can see that very easily.
And I'm going to include a header section inside of here and I'm going to give it a host of ticketing
def.
So this header right here of host that is going to be used by ingress engine x, it's going to take
a look at this header.
It's going to say, oh, you are trying to get at the domain ticketing dev.
Fantastic.
I got a set of routing rules for that.
Here it is right here and we're trying to access API users current user, no problem.
Send you off to the OTT service.
So let's now save this flip back over one more time.
I'm going to do another hard refresh.
To make sure that get initial props is executed on the server.
I'll then go over to my terminal and I will see up here.
We will probably see there.
But then down here, towards the very bottom, you should see null.
So what does null mean?
Well, null means we were able to reach out to our service correctly.
We reached out to that service to fetch the current user.
We got back this current user object.
As data.
We returned it.
It showed up as a prop inside of landing page, but our current user is showing up as null.
Why is it showing up at all?
Well, remember, right now we are not including any cookies along with this request.
So even though the request is being issued over to our service, no cookies are being included.
Just as a quick reminder here, we got a great diagram for it.
Where is it?
Here it is.
Right here.
So our browser is making this request when we refresh the page and it is including that cookie that
is the initial page reload we do right there.
That request gets sent over to next.
Next then makes its own request over to ingress engine x.
But right now we are not including that cookie.
It is cookie less so even though the request is going over to the service.
The service is taking a look at this incoming request.
It's saying you don't have a cookie, therefore you must not be signed in.
So the point here is if we see null.
At our console.
That's actually really good.
It means the request was issued successfully.
We got it sent over.
All we have to do now is figure out how to take that cookie from the income request and attach it on
to the request that goes over ultimately to the OTT service.
So we're almost there.
We're almost done.
One last quick video and we'll have this all solved.